You're mine, not his. If you're not coming with me willingly, I'll take you by force.
Try.
No, I can't.
You're not scared, little she will.
Are you?
Stop, stop, stop. Fine, I'll tell you.
Blake, he killed your sister.
My wife.
You mean she died in childbirth, because you were not there to deliver.
You know you little girl, we have midwives for that.
No, he slaughtered my pregnant wife. Elizabeth, cold blood.
No.
Let's go!
Blake, we needed that to Elizabeth.
Emma, Emma, Emma, there's no time for that. She's gonna go, hit the town.
Well, we have to get her to the safe house before she wakes up.
What was that?
Is that one of Blake's men?
Of course not.
Don't cross me, you bitch!
Oh, you have no idea what's coming for you.
You have no idea. I'm gonna do to you worse than what the mountain tales did to you.
Run before I get you.
Get off!